.TH man 6 "04 September 2014" "Mark Burger" "Pocket Starfighter manual"
.SH NAME
Pocket Starfighter \- A Wireframe 3D Space Dogfight Simulator
.SH SYNOPSIS
pocketstar [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Pocket Starfighter is a three dimensional wireframe space combat
simulation game.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-vidmode w h bpp"
Sets the screen width to 
.B w 
pixels, the screen height to 
.B h 
pixels, and the color depth to 
.B bpp 
bits per pixel.
The defaults is 640 480 8.
.P
.IP "-p [alpha | beta | gamma | delta | epsilon | zeta ]"
Sets the player's type of starfighter to either the alpha, beta, or gamma
class ship.
.P
.IP -fs
Enables fullscreen mode.
.P
.IP -bw
Uses black-and-white rendering, disabling color.
.P
.IP "-ne [number]"
Sets the number of enemy craft. If the number is greater than the maximum
set at compile-time, the maximum number is used. Default is 3.
.P
.IP "-et [string]"
Sets the types of enemies using first letter of the ship types. Using
.B "-et a"
would only allow alpha-class enemies. Default is 'abdgez'.
.P
.IP -tp
Uses target practice mode. Enemy ships don't move or fire.
.P
.IP -god
Uses 'god' mode. Enemy ships move but do not fire.
.P
.IP -mute
Disables the sound.
.P
.IP -nopd
By default, the damage that each ship does is divided by the number of 
total enemy ships. This usually allows for larger fights. In this case,
the game doesn't divide down the damage and the fighting is fair. Use
this with caution!
.P
.IP -nzo
By default, ships are rendered in order from the farthest to the nearest,
so a small distant ship isn't displayed "on top" of a larger nearer ship.
This argument disables this "z-ordering". Use only if you must!

.SH KEYS
.IP Movement
.B Q, E, W, S, A, and D
are left and right roll, downward and upward pitch, and left and right yaw,
respectively. Different crafts have different control speeds.
.P
.IP Speed
.B Z and X
decrease and increase the speed accordingly by ten percent. Each class of
ship has its own maximum speed, so the ten percent will vary accordingly.
.B TAB and BACKSPACE
set speed to maximum and minimum, respectively.
.IP Combat
.B SPACE
fires the laser-weapon.
.IP Miscellaneous
.B F12
takes a screenshot.
